ready all right beliefs come on kill me
tell me bleach holy fuck justic altered
doggins it's pretty you know he's a
fucking tool baby let's just back out
and just kill my dog you'll get tons XP
don't kick me oh don't take pretty oh
hey guys you know what like not I agree
don't kick that dude's it's not fair
look I'm not trying on a ploy I just
don't think you guys are being very
clear about what the fuck we were doing
I think that's a key
[Music]
okay I got my first controller I just
put them real just put them like in the
corner or something
oh my tacking start down Oh what the
fuck was that man oh there's no dude no
bar you man tell me you did not pick up
the tag that kid picked up my first okay
you must everything okay Lee you messed
up everything we're gonna have to
restart this who did whoever picked up
that target or whoever killed me first
wiper you're not supposed to pick up the
tag yeah someone killed me so we're
gonna have to restart this dude yeah all
you got to do is pick up tags that are
on your team don't pick with enemy studs
pretty much the enemy's tags are red
yeah don't pick those I gotta pay more
attention I'm sorry I'm being distracted
right now buddy yeah you guys caught a B
if I told you hey oh my god oh dude
that's fucking martyrdom or something
why did that what happen you probably
got like but I got like ten subscribers
please this is does a bitch fuck you
what happened you guys find out you're
gonna be on booster Buster's or
something patty on the way it off and
play wait hold on what is I'm learning
Spanish to the word Volta what does that
mean dota bah bah bah
whoo
[Laughter]
[Music]
what why did you kill me oh yes to hurry
oh yeah one minute at a time one
two-minute time for the TVA alright so
don't kill bleach do you mind doing this
this is just very kind this is very
disorganized it's kind of you know if
you go a lot smoother can bleach can you
stand out away from everybody so we know
exactly please it tells me don't kill
bleach
Perdido goddamn what if you could end
away from people we can do who are you
patitos fucking around by throwing stun
grenades leech is the one getting run
Hills I'm on topic it is everything if
you shoot me we're mentally handicapped
thank you I mean you're taking control
now and I appreciate that because just
kind of sort of feeling like a waste of
time here and I nothing bad bite there I
really didn't mean anything bad by it so
that's my bro I understand you wanted to
order two and I understand myself you
know shit you know everybody's busy and
everybody's got jobs and lives
I almost almost got be man alright be
insecure guys this one talk I
motherfucking team hook up in here
laughs pretty perdido just me again with
grenade was cross map grenade the fact
that I hit you was a sheer America yeah
hey whatever buddy guys are PJs for
Boston College is probably kind of like
that secure on nobody kills sea water
nobody kills sea water
okay well you were breaking up did you
say kill sea water oh whoa no no will
you kill icky water you just said you're
breaking up now I'm hearing this you are
kill play call I could attack insert
down let it blow up instead I'm good
bullshit I'd say anytime I'm good hey
Gucci can I ask you one last question
though you ever hear the booster busters
[Music]
okay uh-huh
I'm done I got what up on it all right
if y'all want to be dicks yourselves you
can nice if we have your permission to
up a little bit as YouTube let's just
want a third party to subpoena I don't
want my pay anything on YouTube
actually you have no clue what you're
talking
I have no clue what I'm talking about
actually I can't see no legal way to do
us whatsoever go on a bet if you include
I said without my verbal permission I
can use subpoena as will happen to you I
think you might have up to your
substrate sir oh well be in court
[Music]
I'm lost in place I'm a rocky galaxy
i'ma show you noobs if you try to boost
for me I pretend I'm your friend but I'm
a lap in the hand I leave these boosters
tongue-tied like that's the new trend
you scrubs are so lame I'm the king of
Xbox we should've got me a series cuz my
troll is just rock track of so many
boosters that I come across they can't
hit me jump jump like a criss cross hate
on me cuz your faces flustered now I got
another episode for booster Buster's got
me in full swing but I ain't talking
backwards what you raging now not gonna
be upload